From Hollywood, California, Meltdown Comics, The NerdMelt Leader, the 100-Harmontown episode.
Our centepa, our centipodial centepasos.
Harmontown is now in session.
Let's welcome the stage, the mayor of Harmontown, forever young, forever fit, forever charming,
Jen Harmon. Thank you. Centepasodial. 100 episodes. Tonight will be, I promise, at least 1% as entertaining as the sum of all of our podcast parts.
Nothing really special planned, except for, sorry, goodnight.
What do you meant to say? It's, boy, do we have a show for you people tonight.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, I'll make it special in any way that you want me to make it special, but it's not like the show is...
Take a shirt off.
I mean, the show is not famous for its preparation. I was afraid, you know, in doing things, special things that we would just be...
I think that would run kind of, what's the word? Anathema? Yeah, yeah. It wouldn't really be a Harmontown episode.
We've got to make this 100 times the Harmontown episode, which means we have to plan 100 times less than we ever do.
How could you plan 100 times less than zero?
It's just, that's it. It's just a regular episode, see? The math checks out.
Hey, Jeff, what do you make of these? What do you make of these people? I've been watching some more true crime shows with Aaron.
You're, what, you're...
I used to watch the Forensic Files and the FBI Files and the extreme forensics, Solved, Colon, Forensics Gone Wrong, Wild Crime,
Snapped, Semicolon, Women of Forensics...
Like the Dateline kind of things? Those murders?
Yeah, that gets a little polished for me, but we started watching this show, which I think we're done with now.
I think there's only six episodes of it. It's called Murder Comes to Town.
And it's just like every other show, it's all the same murders and stuff, but the focus is on the town, so it's just sort of like...
It's just like any other kind of like crime show where there's just interviews with these police that couldn't figure out who killed somebody until someone called and told them that they did it,
which is, if you really watch these shows, that's what always happens, like there's always, there's always three quarters of the way into the episode.
And then they got a break.
Then police got the break they were looking for. And it's always like a phone call from either a nearby police enforcement agency saying,
like, we found a finger, or it's just a guy going, like, my cousin did it.
But anyways, not to digress. Tonight, no tangents, 100 times less tangents than the normal Armageddon.
I was just watching because we were watching because there's always the reenactments in these things.
They show people, there's people talking to the camera, and then sometimes there's people that they hired to play those people.
But then sometimes, as in murder comes to town, and I think it's at a case-by-case basis, I'm assuming it's based on the participants' willingness,
sometimes the person that's being interviewed is then in the reenactments.
What?
Yeah.
No.
I'm like, well, yeah, my daughter, then my daughter was missing. She was gone.
And then they'll show that woman waking up in a bed.
What?
You know, and there's like a Johnny Mnemonic poster on the wall to make it period or whatever.
Because it's 10 years later.
This poor woman is like answering a phone going, hello?
No.
Okay, I'll be right there.
And like hanging up the phone.
It's like there's a director telling her, okay, your daughter's missing.
It's a cop on the other end of the phone. Sweetie, sweetie, work with me.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
The director, what's my motivation?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And then including like really like tripping out on this one, it was this good natured,
seeming like loving mother whose daughter had been abducted and eventually murdered,
because the show's called Murder Comes to Town.
Don't hit me with your spoiler shed.
The show's called Murder Comes to Town.
The daughter's missing and she's, she's gonna murder her.
And the woman is like, so they show her re-enacting the moment where she found out her daughter's missing.
Then they also show her like the day that she last saw her daughter alive.
So they show her like walking down a hall, opening a bathroom door and going, sweetie,
I'm going to work.
Okay, mom.
Bye.
Like the director then calling her, hey Monica, could you stop crying in the middle of this?
At the time this scene takes place, your daughter's still alive.
I don't know why you keep bursting into tears.
Where were those in the last scene?
It's just, I can't even, to be a fly on the wall of that production, these people are just,
just random people.
And sometimes it's like cops, like the cops, you know they're into it when the cop is like
putting the guy in the hood and he's like, don't move pal, don't even breathe.
And he's all, you know, he's playing himself and trying to act like he was like, you know,
die hard.
Is that the character's name?
You're thinking of Jaws.
Yeah.
Do you have a question, Jeff?
Yes.
Dan, what does it all mean?
There was a quote in the show that there was a murder that took place in Kansas or something.
And then the narrator said, the narration is like incredibly poorly written.
Like they'll do things like they'll go, there was this one I had to rewind.
It was like, did they just use suspicion as the dramatic button on the end of two sentences
in a row?
So it was like, but then there's only a matter of time before hope gives way to suspicion.
And the hopes and dreams that were pinned on the former family members give rise to suspicion.
Like he acted like he never said suspicion before.
Like they're just, they're just fucking, they're like, we don't have time.
Just say shit about murder.
I know it's been done a million times.
Who's that white-haired guy, Keith, you know, what's the fucking, the creepy...
The ghoulish guy that they've done on SNL.
Yeah.
What's his name?
Bill Hader does.
He's the worst writing in the world because it's all questions.
But why did she go there?
And if she went in there, why did she do it?
Well, listen, I always wonder too about the people that participate in these shows, they're
doing these interviews and they're talking about their beloved person being killed and
what it was like to find their brains in the thing.
And then they're doing these interviews and they're crying during them.
And then sometimes the show is called like, peek-a-boo, I killed you.
You know, like it's like not quite on the side of the victim exactly.
It's more on the side of murder kind of.
Like that's where the murder comes to town.
The narration is like, the guy is like decidedly, he's like, but what happened?
She went jogging.
That's the last time anyone saw her.
But no amount of jogging would keep her alive during her rape and murder.
It was like, what are you making fun of her for dying?
Oh, she was jogging, get it?
Like what if you were the mom and you saw that and you'd be like, I cried in that interview.
They told me to look at the camera and cry.
You say that you watched all these episodes meaning it had there been more.
There were six of them.
I think they canceled it, but yeah, I'll do more.
Because the other ones are all, I feel like I've seen the same murders and stuff.
And it reduces the viewer to this weird thing.
Like Aaron and I were like, you know, going through the menu and we're like,
two elderly people missing in a truck.
That's a hitchhike.
Well, this is one girl, but you know, you know, you know an ex-boyfriend just murdered her.
Like, you're kind of like, you know, you're reduced to fictionalizing human beings.
But anyways, one more thing about this.
The horrible narration, I wrote this down.
The guy said, he was talking about the town.
It's always about the town is, the town couldn't, that's the gimmick of this show.
The town couldn't believe it.
This town and the size of this town, this kind of murder, you never, you don't forget it.
Like in New York, everyone's like, hey, Glenn's missing.
Fuck it.
I think that's why they break New York into like smaller subsections, right?
So that, you know, it's an appeal to the people outside New York for a little bit of humanity.
Like, look, we're not just a giant city full of people.
If my neighbor gets killed, I care.
Because I'm from Brooklyn.
Section three.
Anyways.
Did they ever find Glenn?
The guy was saying, but it, you know, Boner Hurt, Kansas.
Boner Hurt?
Okay, we'll get back to you.
It was close to that.
You're naming it.
Boner Hurt.
They'll show a shot of the water tower and then a cornfield.
Boner Hurt, Kansas is a quiet town full of church going folk.
And this is what the guy said, he said, you could call it the core of the American heartland.
You could call the word heartland synonymous with core.
You could call a heart a core.
You could call a core a heart.
You could clean up this sentence, motherfucker.
You could call this town in Kansas the core of the big apple.
But not, but very far away from that, from that apple.
You could call it the center of the epicenter.
A kind of confluence of nexuses.
Boner Hurt, Kansas lies at the intersection of crossroads.
Is it five o'clock yet?
All right.
So, well, we have special shit to do and I know it's going to, you know, it's going to eat away at us.
It's going to eat away at our time.
It's not going to eat away at us.
Before we go real quickly, I've been reading these books that are, like, by Philip Kerr.
They're all these detective novels set in World War II Germany.
It's a detective, like, kind of a la Raymond Chandler.
And he is a cop during World War II.
It's great shit.
It's like awesome schlock.
But also, like, I love World War II documentaries and I love Nazi documentaries.
And I feel, like, in my, I know this is not a charming admission,
but, like, is it wrong to wish that World War II had gone on longer so there'd be more documentaries about it?
I mean, that's what TV does to us.
Yeah.
Because it just, like, some channels should just be called just, like, we love Hitler documentaries.
I saw, I Instagrammed it.
There was a, I swear to God, I did.
How can we prove this, Dan?
There was a, I was going through, I was looking for a new app to play on my fucking fat slob pad
that I sit in bed and eat donuts on while I watch murder shows.
And I came across a review of this Sims game where this woman was like,
she was, it was just like an eight paragraph essay about how they had,
they had updated the free Sims game that she had been, that she had raised her grandchildren on.
Because she's like, my grandchildren would come over and when they were three,
they used to like to just watch the people walk around.
And as they grew older, they learned about how to interact.
So she's like, she's, believe me, her opinion matters the most about this free game
that she's been fucking because she uses it to raise children.
And then they released an update that makes the Sims die of old age.
They used to be immortal, Jeff, and now they die of old age.
And I was talking to them about it and someone was putting photos of the Grim Reaper on their Facebook pages
and they saw them and they started to cry.
Now my grandchildren are crying.
I don't understand why these Sims have to die.
I thought they could live forever.
And she's like having a fucking nervous breakdown in a review under the app.
Was this review helpful?
Yes.
It has summed up our universe entirely.
I don't know if it's helpful to anyone, but maybe Nietzsche or Kafka.
I mean, she was like, she had become more sim than human because the Sims were now capable of dying
and she was just this weird program complaining.
Oh boy, anyways.
But yeah, I'm just a hop from that with these murder shows now.
Ah, Teenage Hitchhiker.
The Sims couldn't die.
I played the Sims for like three days.
And the woman that was my avatar, my gal or whatever,
she just kept getting bummed out and there's flies in the kitchen and I hated it
because I thought I'd kill her.
So I just stopped doing it.
You couldn't kill her?
She would just sit there and be miserable for the rest of time?
Yeah, I don't know.
I can't answer anyone's questions about the Sims.
How do they die now?
Like, old days?
Like, do you have to wait 80 years?
Or do you have to like...
I never played a Sims game.
I'm neither proud nor ashamed to say.
I love, like, I play like Gardening Mama 2 and the...
I'm not above reproach.
Erin bought me a New York room to the Nintendo Star.
She said, you'll like this game and give me Gardening Mama 2.
And I was like, fuck you, I get your joke and then I kind of liked it.
She always leans over and looks at my screen at the wrong times.
Like, I'm always in the middle of changing a diaper or helping a stork grow.
What?
You know, I like time management games and like Gardening.
I like Gardening and not in real life.
Alright, speaking of bad writing, we were driving here and Erin played Rocket Man.
So you'll know how to finish these lyrics.
Mars ain't the kind of place to raise your kids.
In fact, it's cold as hell.
And there's no one there to raise them.
If you did.
If you did what?
Raise them?
Yeah.
You just said it's no place to raise your kids.
There's no one there to raise them if you raise them.
Well, except you.
What is it?
Is it just Elton John doesn't know a life outside of the nanny system?
It's like, oh, then Mars ain't the kind of place to have your nanny raise your kids for you.
There's no nannies on Mars.
Mars ain't the kind of place to raise your kids.
In fact, it's cold as hell.
And there's no one there to raise them.
If you did.
Dot, dot, dot.
If you raise your kids there.
If you did choose that lifestyle.
Mars ain't the kind of place to settle down and raise your kids.
No, still not.
Still bad writing.
Musicians, 6,000 years are getting away with bad writing and counting.
They bang on things while they do it.
There's a hand being raised out there.
If you dig?
Are you just guessing that?
That's what I always thought it was.
You always thought it was if you dig.
Someone look it up.
Look up lyrics for us right now.
I mean, if you know what I mean, there's no one there to raise them.
If you dig.
I mean, there's no one there to raise them.
He's just checking it.
I'll fucking give you.
It's the Elton John equivalent of, you know what I mean?
I'm gonna give you a $10 bill if that's correct.
$10 is yours, sir.
Did.
Thank you.
We saved me $10.
This is a sea of iPhones.
If you dig.
I wish that was it.
Yeah.
Okay.
All right.
I think that's better.
Let's move on.
To Crocodile Rock.
Now this song.
Crocodile Rock.
I get so mad at musicians because they get away with
like stuff that, you know, I don't know.
They're just kind of like, they're so fancy and free with their goddamn lyrics.
It seems like it's part of their success.
Like people don't want my overwrought fucking meticulous bullshit in there when
they're tapping their toes.
People just write these songs.
They're like, they change tenses.
They change like from first person to third person.
I don't know who he is and who you are.
Someone's stealing someone's girl.
Who the fuck is?
Who are we?
Again, like, I might make it in this wrong.
I love the movie by The Who, Quadrophenia.
And it's a great rainy day, depressing movie.
And it's all the soundtrack, of course, is by The Who.
And Sting is in it when he was young and not a complete twat.
And he was just great in a silver suit.
He was great.
But they thought Quadrophenia meant like, what if you had four personalities?
They thought Schizophrenia meant two personalities.
And they're like, okay, we kind of, we kind of.
I thought it was just a rip.
I never saw that movie.
I just assumed it was like some kind of like product placement
for the new speaker system or something.
Quadrophonics.
Well, I think that was the riff they were trying to do.
Rock and roll music, lyrics shouldn't be looked at too closely.
Writers and musicians.
Why can't they get along?
You know, they do in like Christina Aguilera songs or something.
Because people that aren't singer-songwriters,
they have like a nice 45-year-old man sit down
and write a little ditty.
Hand it off to a young sexy urchin whose voice is good for two years.
And then they go, I'm a genie in a bow to rub it.
Oh, the metaphors all work.
Oh, you rub me the right way.
I'm a genie and make a wish.
I wish the genie was happening.
Oh, this is great.
It's like William Goldman wrote this.
He did.
An old guy in a log cabin wrote that.
He had A-cups.
He's not someone that you want to rub the right way.
Well, guess what?
Beauty's only skin deep.
Have we talked about...
We need to work together.
Ugly people are smarter than you.
Have we talked about in this show a piano man?
The regular crowd shuffles in.
The man in the bar sit next to me making love to his tonic and gin.
No.
Gross.
You don't get to change the name of the drink to suit your purposes.
Oh, I thought you meant it was gross because it sounds like he's coming in his drink.
Making love to his tonic and gin.
He's scary over there with his dick in the jar.
You can see the strands floating to the top.
And he swizzles his drink with his balls and his stink in it.
Janitor's getting him up.
We're getting played off by the ghost of Jebediah Nerdmelt.
Get out of here.
Your show doesn't have a script.
It's terrible.
Greg Barrett did that joke 20 years ago.
You've conditioned these people via systemic deprivation to applaud rhyming mop with whatever you rhymed it with.
Other people have acts.
Tonic and gin.
Making love to his jelly and peanut butter.
That's fucking...
That's just lazy bullshit.
Also, the gambler.
I like Kenny Rogers a lot.
I love Kenny Rogers.
When I was nine in Acapulco, so I love the guy.
And the gambler.
He rhymes sleep and keep twice.
I think that's lazy bullshit.
You don't do the same rhyme twice.
Well, how about he did the same song four times?
Everybody saw the farmer with the magic peanuts.
How does that the gambler?
Fuckin' they're all just like...
I don't know the musical terms, but I know the fucking guy just sits down and writes a fucking...
writes the charge of the light brigade and puts it to like...
It's always about a guy.
Can you sing me...
I don't know your knowledge of the Battle of Balaclava.
Or Alfred Lloyd Tennyson.
Would you please do me a country version of the charge of the light brigade?
Canons to the left of them.
Canons all around them.
But the man with one leg came to town and said that he had found them.
Out of Misty River's country night.
This character broke even.
And that's the story of Kenny Rogers of a guy named fucking Stephen.
It's always a guy.
Alright, I'm thinking of two sides.
Coward of the county and the gambler.
Coward of the county is a good one.
But you know if we brought up Kenny Rogers' album, you'd see a bunch of failed attempts.
He started off in a psychedelic hippie band called First Edition.
First or second edition?
First edition.
I just dropped in to see what condition my condition is.
And that's him.
And when he left that band, they're like, you're never going to make it, baby.
He said, no, I'm going to make country music.
He's like, you'll never make it.
And he went off and wrote some of the biggest hits.
You know he's a Scientologist.
Is he?
A Psych Guy.
You never know.
Who would have thought Beck, you know?
Who would have thought Will Smith?
If I found out Kenny Rogers was Scientologist, I would give Scientology a second glance.
Well, I don't want to bring this up again, but you should read that book going clear.
You would, AI, you come away from it with a respect for...
You don't dehumanize people just because they're Scientologists anymore after reading that book.
I wouldn't either if I ever met a Scientologist who would sit down and explain what it is that they do.
But it's so goddamn private.
Well, then read this book going clear.
It's like 700 pages.
I can't talk to a person that's a...
I don't know.
Maybe you can.
Well, yeah, you can.
There's independent Scientologists.
There's also that guy Marty Rathben.
We just watched a documentary about him.
There's a lot of people that were raised on this religion.
How much more ridiculous is anything?
You know, we've had Mormons on stage talking to us about Mormonism.
We've had... I think we had a Jew once.
Speaking of which, I'm assuming he's Jewish because of his last name.
Adam Goldberg has a special surprise for us.
That's pretty anti-Semitic, you guys.
He's a human being.
Oh, you hate him the person.
I'm sorry, I connected those dots wrong.
No, Adam Goldberg, he went on to Reddit.
And he... Do you believe that?
I'm going to suspend my disbelief.
He culled together through rigorous research and conversation with Harmontown fans
in honor of our centipestodial spectacular.
He has an 18-question trivia quiz.
It gets better.
We were thinking that you and I would go up against a Harmontown superfan from the audience.
And see if one of you could get more answers right about our show than Dan and I.
Is that right?
Yeah, given the fact that we're always in a blackout drunk.
Oh, they're going to win.
I already know the results.
So should we have them elect one of their own to be that representative?
Yeah, well, I don't know how they'll do that.
Let's set them against themselves.
Who here thinks that they would probably be the best at answering Harmontown trivia?
We have a few hands up.
And it's Holy, but he's so hard to understand.
What does fuck y'all mean?
Who do we got?
MC?
You think you got the goods?
MC, bring it up here.
Fuck it.
I like the look of this guy.
We're going to give MC a chance here.
Oh, it's good.
Yeah, we'll try to lightning through this.
Where's Goldbug?
Goldberg, are you here?
Adam Goldberg, everybody.
Hi, MC.
MC, what is your curriculum vitae?
What are your credentials that you think that qualifies you to beat Dan and I at our own game here?
Well, I recently binge listened to the whole show.
Okay, you already got us.
You already got us.
All 100 episodes?
All 99 episodes?
How long did it take you to get through all 100?
Well, I started listening when I started a new job.
And that job was about like two months.
And with the exception of like Breaking to Watch whatever was like new on Lulur or whatever,
it would be like the only source of entertainment.
And I caught up.
Oh God, he's got to hate me more than the rest of you combined.
Have you been to the live show before?
Oh yeah, totally.
I think I've seen you here before.
Basically, once I caught up, that's when I started attending.
Okay, so how many times have you been here live?
I think this would be like my fifth or sixth?
Yeah.
Can you describe the nature of that job without getting in trouble?
Yeah, it was an animator.
Sorry, a storyboard artist on a show called Bojack Horseman.
It's going to be on Netflix.
It's genuinely good.
And that was the only thing keeping me from like...
Dan, what do you think of myself out of window?
What do you think the pitch the log line is for Bojack Horseman?
Bojack Horseman.
How the West was won on the side.
Like it's got to have some kind of like misfit cowboys.
It's actually got Alison Brie from Community on it.
Fuck the show.
Like there's no actors looking for work, right?
Give Alison Brie another job.
No, what is it?
Can you give us the kind of conceit of it?
It's about like a out of work actor who's like trying to like cope with his like self-loathing and depression.
But like he's a horse.
He's a horse.
He's like a horse man.
He's a horse man.
Is he a centaur?
He's like a reverse centaur.
He's like horse from the neck top.
Oh, he's a horse centaur.
Is it live action or animated?
It's animated.
It's live action.
Well, he said he's a storyboard artist.
It could be live action.
They would have to plan the horse composites.
Well, also it's cast entirely of the people that you don't know for being in cartoons.
You know what I mean?
Like it's like Amy Starris is in it and the friggin from Breaking Bad.
What's his name?
Jesse.
Yeah, Tim.
All right.
Well, sounds good.
Let's kick this off.
So Adam Goldberg, tell us what the rules are with what we're doing here.
Well, there are three answers to every question.
One of them or two of them is correct.
Did one of them is correct?
I want to say that I had a story about the Sims, actually.
Adam, what are the rules to the game that we're about to play?
My brother went up.
What are the rules?
You are here for one task, Adam.
I'm married.
It's our hundredth fucking show, Adam.
We're not going to do this.
I will shout you down.
I will play the game.
Play the game.
He can't.
He's actually...
You're going to make me lie and put yourself in your thing.
Okay.
So I'm going to ask questions.
I thought he was going to wax rhapsodic about Sims for a while.
Yeah.
The only story is my brother is married.
My sister is into their family.
You're compulsive.
For money.
You know, I normally don't get to give my two cents because I'm usually just listening to it,
but I'm pro Goldberg.
I'm cool with hearing the story.
Don't suck up to the judges.
I mean, I always go back and forth because the minute someone says,
I'm pro Goldberg and 150 people boo,
and he doesn't pull out a rifle or run from the station,
then I become pro Goldberg because I'm like,
what the fuck is this?
I don't need your pity.
Can you just say you're pro Goldberg?
And then look at his face.
I'm anti Goldberg.
Boo.
Thank you.
I mean, we discussed this forever.
Harmontowns for Misfits.
He's clodious.
Are we going to go start a colony on the moon for Misfits?
And we're just going to start.
As soon as we get off the spaceship,
we're going to go, all right, where's the nerd?
Get out of here.
I need a space suit.
Yeah.
There's 99 spacesuits.
All right.
Adam, tell us the rules if you would please.
I'm going to ask the question either of team Dan Jeff or team Guy
who worked on the Centaur Show.
MC.
That's easy to remember.
And apparently not.
I don't like suck ups.
It immediately changes my opinion.
Yeah.
I'm back with these guys.
Don't care.
Yeah.
Oh, come on.
You just go where the wind blows, man.
And if you just don't know, the other team can steal.
If you're like, but it's multiple choice.
So that's unlikely.
All right.
Who wants it first?
Team Dan or team MC?
I'll take it.
MC.
So if I get it wrong, like do I get knocked out and someone else has to,
like we need to round around and sell like that or?
No.
Okay.
How does the scoring work?
Most out of 18 questions.
Most out of 18.
All right.
Let's fire through these.
It's only a four hour show.
Okay.
Real Obed proposed a restaurant where everything is really small.
What was it called?
A real Obed's real food for real people?
B bites or C mini mine?
B bites.
That is correct.
One point for MC.
I knew that.
I almost feel like you could have eliminated the multiple choice out of that and had us
try to freestyle.
But let's see what goes.
If he gets into the lead, he'll hop to freestyle.
Okay.
This is a challenge.
Yeah.
He's already in lead.
So that doesn't apply.
MC has jumped out to commanding one zero lead.
Okay.
Give each person that you ask, give them the option of, if they can get it without getting
the multiple choices.
That's two points.
Two points.
All right.
There we go.
Okay.
Which is not a fiction.
I can't do that for this.
This is which is not.
Okay.
Which, how many episodes did Dan wear the eye Harmon?
Do you want the multiple choice?
It's my, yes, I want the multiple choice.
The multiple choice.
Okay.
A is two to three.
B is four to five.
And C is exactly six.
B, four to, no, no, no, no, no, no.
A, A, two to three.
That is correct.
One point for Dean Dan.
All right.
I would have gotten it wrong.
I wrote it down.
That's why I knew.
Two against one.
Two against one?
Because he's listening to them all.
I never listen to any of them.
Oh, I wasn't using Jeff.
You're saying I'm cheating by using Jeff?
No, she's saying that we have two heads or better than one theory.
But believe me, he just listened to them all recently.
So he has access to this more recent information in his head.
Also, I wasn't thinking that Jeff and I were like both.
Thanks.
I was going to say sweetie, but it's 2014.
I might see a blog entry tomorrow.
Dan Harmon called me sweetie.
The story of humanity versus the asshole.
MC, which is not a fictional Harmontown character?
A, Death Row inmate O'Malley.
B, Jerry McSeinfeld or C, Coomail 2.0.
I'm going to go with A.
Death Row inmate O'Malley, that is incorrect.
We're all tied up at 1-1.
All right.
In the episode, everyone's a rapper.
Comedian Misha complains that everyone in his family calls him the same name.
What is it?
Give me multiples.
A, snap the Jeff.
B, Misha Kwan or C, Jackie Chan?
Everyone in his family?
Everyone in his family gets called the same name.
Oh, I'll try C.
C is correct, Jackie Chan.
Nice.
I'm on the team with you, Dan, but I'm laying low.
Oh, okay, I'm laying low because I have no idea what's going on.
MC, what's ill-tempered skeleton did the gang piss off to start the Trial of Tormod Tour?
I'm going to need the choices.
A, Lenev, B, Lannister and C, Fornheim.
Lenev.
That is correct.
I hope it's no one's first time here tonight.
We'll have him come up and give a review after I answer.
It's kind of a fun show, I guess.
I'm going to go play Peanuckle with my uncle now.
It's called Peanuckle.
Go ahead.
How many times has Jeff said...
It's not starting, I'm sorry, what?
How many times has Jeff said that should be the title of the episode or some variant?
I'll take multiple choices.
A, 12 times, B, 15 times, or C, there's no way I would look that up.
Well, knowing you, you looked it up.
12 times.
Nope, I didn't look it up.
Oh, he's fine.
I mean, looking it up would entail hundreds and hundreds of hours.
I would have been curious how many times he said it versus how many times it was.
Because there are some times where I was like, yeah, it should.
Oh, it's not, though.
It's something else completely.
That's some homework for you guys to do.
One of MC's tires is going to be flat and there's going to be a note that says,
why don't you run the game?
Then you will not be Pro Goldberg.
One person on the side.
All right, MC, which episode manages the earliest episode naming coming in less than 72 seconds into the episode?
A, push the button, pull the chain, B, dudes and goo, or C, felicity whack-a-mole?
This is for us, right?
That's for me.
Oh, for MC.
I'm going to fill this one.
I think I know this one.
I'm going to say A.
That is correct.
I was wrong.
Daniel, Shoney's loving audience member, Big Red, went to this college.
We're a team, right?
Yeah, you can chime in if you know.
He and I are together, right?
Yes.
I'm not going to guess, but I want to hear the multiple choice.
I think I might know it, but I'm not confident about it.
A, Azusa Pacific, B, L.A. City College, or C, UCLA?
I was wrong again.
I think it's Azusa.
Because I was going to say something kind of along those lines.
I think that ring a bell.
Why would words like Azusa Pacific ring a bell?
I go with that one.
All right, that is also correct.
The first thing I thought came to mind was San Luis Obispo, and then Azusa Pacific seemed like, yeah.
Yeah, he was from San Luis Obispo.
Oh, is he related?
I don't care.
I'm a fucking genius.
MC, name three sentient beings that Quark has had sex with.
Name three, he hasn't.
That is actually a harder question.
We'll move that to the bonus round.
I feel like I could, but go ahead and give me the multiple choice.
The name three things?
Yeah.
I have a list of four things.
Oh, shit.
Okay, so I can't write.
All right.
A horse?
Yep.
A giant spider?
A squirrel.
Did you have sex with a squirrel, Jeff?
Did I?
Yeah.
That's it.
He summoned the squirrel to have sex with it.
I also would have accepted Sharpie Buttsalot and Quark.
Oh, well.
And Robobreffy.
Hey there, lonely squirrel.
Spencer once appeared on community as Annie Edison's brother.
What was his first name, Dan?
Isn't that a trick question?
Didn't it get changed?
Would I ever trick you?
Going with the canon of the show.
In other words, what his name was on screen.
God damn it.
Oh, I know what it was.
It was the opposite because I wanted it to be Andy originally.
Because if their parents had named them after Raggedy Ann and Andy.
But that didn't legally clear.
So his name was Anthony.
All right, that's correct.
I would have also accepted Spence Word.
So you would have accepted what?
Spence Word.
I thought this was going to be a question for Herman, but I don't want to show it.
All right.
Okay.
Before breaking out, this is MC.
Before breaking out in Backbrace Dynasty, Adam was a production manager on a terrible
shark movie.
What movie was it?
Is it us?
No, it's MC.
Oh, shit.
I know this one.
Give me the choices.
Okay.
Avalanche Sharks, Sharkano, and Shark Island 2 Sharkbite.
Shark Island 2 Sharkbite.
Nope.
I meant that one out.
Oh, all right.
It's getting close.
What's the score?
Oh, I can steal it?
I know it.
You can steal it.
Avalanche Sharks.
Right?
No.
Is it?
Okay, you can't.
Okay, next question.
It wasn't Sharknado or whatever.
No, Sharkano.
It wasn't Sharknado.
Oh, sorry.
Avalanche Sharks.
Which turned into Avalanche Shark once they didn't have enough shark puppets.
Two people got carbon monoxide poisoning because they got really, really low quality
trailers.
All right, next question.
No, because the audience shouted out, audience got a point.
You guys are now in it.
Okay.
Audience, you're now in third.
All right.
In the episode, frequently I am a woman in my dreams.
Who admits to frequently being a woman in their dreams?
Is that MC's or ours?
Yours.
Oh, okay.
Me.
Yeah, Jeff.
That's correct.
I would have also accepted Aaron.
I bet you would.
Oh, is that insulting?
I don't.
All right.
All right, MC, for two points, two of Dan's foot fetishes.
I'm going to name one of Dan's foot fetishes.
You can name the other two for two points.
Or I'll give you one more and you can get it for one point.
The first one is dangling.
Right.
There are two more that start with that letter.
Heel popping.
Yep.
Dipping.
You got it.
Thank you.
Wow.
We have the worst podcast in the world.
But the best listeners.
Certainly the best listeners.
Boy.
In the Neil Hamburger, Tim Heidecker segment, Dead or Alive, how did Hosni Mubarak die?
What the fuck are you talking about?
In episode 108, in the Neil Hamburger, Tim Heidecker segment, how did Hosni Mubarak die?
I mean, you get...
You let him do it.
The correct answer is he died choking on a rod, he ate in some stew in an art gallery.
He choked on a rod.
That was a Harmontown episode?
Oh, no, that's comedy bang bang.
I thought you guys...
What the fuck are you doing?
They haven't had me on yet.
I need to suck up.
No, that one's just stricken from the record.
Yeah, okay.
Doesn't count.
Next, the final question.
Okay, thank God.
And then the final one will be a top up.
Top up.
Convertible.
How can Chicken Noodle Man of the eponymous song Make His Troubles Go Away?
Who's this for, by the way?
This is for Jeff.
All right.
I know it's not.
I guarantee you, I know the Chicken Noodle Man question.
I helped write the mother.
Wait, is it an MC's turn or Jeff's turn?
Are you sure?
I'll give it to MC, because I feel Jeffness.
One more time.
That's the question.
How can Chicken Noodle Man of the eponymous song Make His Troubles Go Away?
So easy.
He feeds the devil's soup.
That is correct.
He feeds the devil's soup from his penis.
All right.
That was a lob.
My girlfriend knows that song.
He's pretty much tied up.
The audience has fallen behind, but this is the last one.
You're going to have to buzz in for this one, because it is the tiebreaker.
All right.
It would break.
MC is winning, but this one could break the tie in favor of Team Dan Jeff.
All right.
Duncan Trussell.
We buzz in.
What do we do?
Say buzz?
Yeah.
Christopher twice, once chopped off Christopher's ding dong.
He also carved something into Chris's arm.
What was it?
Bzzz.
Yep.
A pentagram.
Nope.
All right, MC, if you get this one, you've got the game.
If not, I am out of questions.
Shit, man.
It was about something Camille said on his own show about a game, and I cannot remember
what game it was.
He said, how can you have a gaming podcast and not talk about Starcraft 2?
I'm going to count for MC in the audience.
MC!
All right.
MC wins.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you, Adam.
Thank you, Adam Goldberg, everybody.
It was a lot of hard work for both Adam and all of us, right?
We all deserve a round of applause.
No, but thank you for putting in the research, Adam.
Without that segment, we really would not have had a hundredth episode special at all,
you know?
It felt like something you would do in a hundredth episode special.
Yeah.
Otherwise, it would just be me talking about what?
Crime shows?
What am I?
The what am I guy?
If you went to another planet and there was only one of the three possibilities available
to you that women could do or you could watch on porn.
Heel popping, dipping, or dangling?
You had to pick one.
What is my favorite out of heel popping, dipping, or dangling?
What's your desert island heel fetish thing?
Well, you get dangling out of there right away because there's no activity to that.
Dangling is what follows a heel pop.
It's built into the heel pop.
And heel popping is built into a dipping.
Was dipping again?
Well, dipping could be like a lot of things.
It could be like a woman like, well, no, no, that's just heel popping.
Okay.
Well, dipping is like the shoe is on the floor and the foot is going in and out.
Dipping.
Yeah, like the woman is lost in thought.
She's just casually dipping her foot in and out of her shoe.
I'm presuming that a lot of foot fetishists are heel fetishists,
but I'm presuming that you'd want a little bit of all of those.
Yeah, I think that's why they all come together.
It's like eyes, ears, nose, and throat.
You don't bother to...
But again, you have to pick one.
Well, tell that to an eyes, ears, nose, and throat guy.
It's like, oh, I'm an optometrist.
I mean, who needs those?
All right.
What about that?
What is that?
What do you go to an eyes, ears, nose, and throat guy?
There's such a thing as an optometrist.
It's like, just an eye guy.
I'm trying to picture all three separate somehow
and give you an actual sincere answer.
I guess...
I guess dipping.
All right, dipping.
On our 200th episode, that would be a trivia question.
All right, let's bring out my fianc,
Erin McGathy.
All right.
Hello.
Hi, Scoops.
Hi.
Scoops?
It's a dipping reference.
Scoops Johnson was the evil Keneval of Dippin.
Anything you want to address or anything?
Well, I was trying to think of my own fetishes.
I guess not.
I don't know.
No, doing great.
Do you have any fetishes?
I like smoking.
I know it's really bad for people that I do things with.
That's just called an addiction.
But if we're talking about...
You mean you look at how guys look when they smoke?
Yeah, not people I know,
because the only person I know who smokes is Dustin Marshall.
I imagine him back there being like,
oh no, oh no.
No, I like fetishes outside of...
I missed the first part of the exchange
that you just had about the dipping,
and Jeff asked you what your favorite pornographic foot thing was.
Out of it, because there's this...
Dipping dangling heel popping,
it's kind of like I'm saying,
that's a more specific long-winded way of saying shoe play.
Shoe play is under the branch of foot fetish,
which is, I don't know, then there's...
That's a big tree.
The real tragedy of this,
and if you guys have been to the show while I've ever seen pictures,
I usually wear these boots and these tights.
It's because I don't have feet.
And backstage listening to this...
It's actually...
That's the best reaction to it ever.
It's when I acquired my foot fetish.
This is when we became intimate,
and I realized you had no feet.
I pine for feet now.
She can't help it.
I mean, I have one fetish for saying last name, Dan Harmon.
Just all my sexualities wrapped up.
Men and women, I think, work differently.
I don't have...
I think a foot fetishism is a very male thing.
Are there a lot of women foot fetishes?
So they're gals?
Would anybody admit to it? Any gals?
It seems like women wouldn't have a fetish,
because guys' feet are like, wow.
We're a foot fetish.
Once we go down this road,
we're going to run into this millennial L.A.
I have a listening fetish.
Yeah.
I have a...
I have a compassion fetish.
I have a thoughtfulness fetish.
So why me?
Well, because it's, you know...
Are you also a...
That's what makes it funny.
In the same way that she has no feet.
No, but I do like smoking.
I did once sleep with a man,
just because he looked like David Bowie,
and I requested that he smoked while he had sex with me.
And then I felt very ashamed,
because I did very much use him for that.
And because he sustained a lot of burns on his face, right?
No, no, he was smoking.
He was smoking.
He had to smoke a cigarette while having sex with you?
I made him put on...
I'm going to regret this immediately,
but I asked that he...
He didn't know that I was going out with him
just because he looked like David Bowie,
and we got back to his...
Which era, David Bowie?
Modern love, David Bowie.
And I asked him to put on a David Bowie record.
And then he had cigarettes because he was a smoker,
and I said,
you probably have to smoke right now, right?
He was like, what? No, no.
He was very dumb. He was very, very dumb.
It was not a proud moment,
but I asked if he could smoke a cigarette
while making love to me.
And holding a glass ball on the other hand.
And asking you or telling you
that you remind him of the babe.
Yeah.
What babe? What babe?
Sarah.
Oh, my God.
The 100th anniversary episode guest,
David Bowie's here.
Wow!
Aaron.
I'm here because you asked me to be Aaron.
Sheriff, I...
I set my fianc here.
So, when David Bowie comes out...
Shut up!
His name is David.
I'd like to make love to you
while smoking and eating a cake
or offering you bites of crumbs and sauces.
I'm a musician.
I don't have to write well.
Oh, Dan.
Dan, you have not returned your books on time.
Are you calling David Bowie Dan now?
I'm confused.
No.
She's countering with...
Oh, I see.
You have not returned your books on time.
Ugh, these stockings make my shoes slide off.
Ugh.
It's so embarrassing.
It makes my shoes slide off.
Oh, yeah.
Can I hit pause on this?
That's like the equivalent of just an irregular porn
and an actor saying, like, God, my vagina is so penis-shaped.
It's like an inverted penis.
Like, one would just fit in like a...
I mean, Dan, I've never seen any of these.
I've never seen any of these videos.
Can we just attempt the talking version of this?
Well, I don't watch it for the talking.
Is there...
In your shoe play video...
In your average, like, just run-of-the-mill,
work-a-day shoe-play film or scene.
I mean, there's no such thing in it.
Oh.
Oh, Krippendorf's Tribe.
Krippendorf's Tribe.
No.
There's no run-of-the-mill...
The Casablanca.
There's a lot of...
Remember, you were telling me once about a pantyhose video,
and you said...
We both knew that they were called challenges.
Okay, you were cleaning out my shit,
and you found a VHS tape, and it said,
like, summer's pantyhose challenge.
Yeah, I found one.
I found one.
All right.
I found one with many other friends.
There was, you know, Christina's pantyhose challenge.
But you were like,
look, I knew when I was cleaning up stuff,
I'd find stuff.
I'm not here to judge you,
make you feel awkward in front of 200 people,
or anything like that.
Like, you said all that.
And then he said,
but for my own edification,
because there's no such thing as a VCR anymore,
could you please tell me what does that mean?
What is the challenge?
And I said,
I think it just means, like, how many pair can she put on
in one video?
And then you started laughing,
and it was like, yeah, it is ridiculous,
the idea that it's a challenge.
But then I found out, like,
45 minutes later, that the whole time,
you thought that meant all over each other.
Like, that she was just, like,
had these giant legs, like,
number 58.
And she was,
she was on That's Incredible.
I had continued cleaning,
and I came back in, and I was like,
I could do that.
I mean, how many?
I was like, what was the most?
You know, like...
You saw the word challenge.
That's your fetish.
It's competitiveness.
You're like, challenge, challenge.
I'll win that.
Anyways.
Is there dialogue in a shoot play video?
Or is it all from the table down?
I mean, it depends on what you're talking about.
Like, I'm 41 years old.
I predate the internet.
There's, I have seen,
there's candid stuff,
where it's, like, actual creepy, like,
like, I'm on a train, and here's, like,
there's a woman seat ahead of me,
and she was, she was
heel-poppin' dippin' or whatever.
There's people that have websites,
or there's videos like that.
Then there's...
Do you think people like their shoes,
or hate them?
What?
In the video.
No, there's no narrative.
There's no Bruce Banner of heel-poppin'
that's like,
oh, if only I could find out
how to get these shoes off,
or the shoes are...
I think the whole thing comes from,
like, a probably,
there's probably the root of the tree
that has to do with leg and foot fetishry.
I don't wanna offend anybody
who shares this stuff,
but I would hazard a guess
that there's a root
among that tree.
There's a trunk of that tree
that has a little bit to do
with self-loathing,
and, you know,
more voyeurism and less intimacy,
just to, like, like,
maybe little kids playing under the table
with their matchbox cars
that were raised in the 70s and 80s,
whose first sexual thought
happened at the same time as, like,
you know, just looking at a woman's
fully clothed legs,
as opposed to, like...
I don't know if there's women out there,
like, wishing there were more videos of men,
like, like, croc-dippin', you know,
or, like, like...
I mean, this is like...
Bootslide.
For this audience,
as soon as you were to say anything gender-specific,
there's somebody that's gonna be the exception.
There's always, and it's like, like,
we're trying to learn not to draw these gigantic circles,
but the conventional wisdom has it
that men are a lot more visually,
like, we're a lot more given to this thing
called fetishes that are visual
because there's something that's more,
like, we're more able to associate imagery
that goes right to our libido,
and women aren't like that.
I don't know if that's a passe now,
if that's, like, just something that we've become,
that we became accustomed to thinking about men and women
in the 70s and 80s, or 90s,
and now we're starting to actually second-guess that.
I know for sure there's always gonna be
somebody that's gonna stand up and go,
I'm a woman, and I'm totally visually stimulated,
and they're not gonna be lying,
but I also, like,
how can you have general conversations about sex?
Remember that Ray Fiennes movie, that guy?
What's that guy?
What did he find out?
He found out we're fucking insane, we're all insane,
because none of us talk about sex with each other,
so we don't, you know, we...
Have you guys ever watched porn together?
You and Aaron?
Tell me about Liam Neeson.
Liam Neeson, right, that's where he finds.
Liam Neeson's here, everybody, for the 100th...
Are you gonna come up with a little pop in the video
and watch a little porn together?
Well, in the way that Dan's established that his porn is just
ladies that are, that have like a ledger,
and no, no, we have never, we have never watched,
we have never watched, we have never watched.
Porn together.
We have never watched porn together.
Never watched porn together.
Anyways, do you watch porn with your girlfriend?
No.
I don't know what kind of,
and I think it's great when couples do,
I think it's great.
I don't care whether or not they do,
I think if they do, I think that's...
I don't know if I talked about it when I did your,
this feels terrible, but I dated a girl a long time ago
and she brought home, we dated for like 45 minutes, I think,
but she brought home some porn and she wanted,
she's like, I've never watched porn with a guy before.
I went to a video store, I bought some porn,
and one of the titles was Let's Play Pussy Darts.
How do you win, how do you win, how do you win?
That's Aaron's next question.
How did they know who won?
I'm assuming that's the guy saying it to the woman,
like wait, am I the dartboard? That's the worst.
Let's play pussy.
Oh, it's just a euphemism?
I was actually trying to picture it.
They probably started playing,
and then they got caught up in the moment
and they didn't finish.
Let's play pussy.
I've been misled by these titles before.
We'll never know who's the bastard pussy darts.
You know what, you know what buns me out
is the new thing in the 21st century,
the new porn thing where they don't,
they don't have to come up with pun titles anymore
when they do the Flint Bones and the Robocock and stuff.
Like now it's just, now it's just like the new thing
is it just says like, you know,
XXX Brady Bunch or this is not Flash Gordon,
I don't know what the fuck.
Godzilla, Godzilla the porn version.
Like the titles aren't clever anymore.
Godzilla the porn version.
Wait, are the pussy darts in that movie just penises?
I didn't watch the movie.
I think pussy darts, pussy darts must be
just a euphemism for regular old missionaries.
And I will forever call penises pussy darts.
Forever.
Look at all the pussy darts.
Everyone can always feel like a winner, yeah.
It's like bullfrog again.
But then women just have targets.
Then it's a bummer.
We got to, let's get Spencer up here for this conversation.
100th episode, Spencer.
He's a hundred times the Spencer.
Spencer comes as Geared 100 times.
What's up you guys?
Hey.
Pussy darts.
Spencer and I have watch porn together, though.
I throw them.
Yeah.
You throw pussy darts once in a while?
I guess.
I guess that's what I said, yeah.
At the end of that movie does the woman look
at the guy slash the camera and say, nice grouping.
The camera just pans out or pulls back
and there's just a bunch of penises.
Some are like on stomach.
Some are in the hand.
That one's a redo.
They just shake hands at the end and say good game.
It all takes place in a pub.
There's a chalkboard off to the side.
I told you the thing.
This is a second hand, but it's not like anyone's not
going to believe me because it's like somehow the topic
of porn came up and then from there the topic
of these gang bang videos came up where there's these
gang bang videos where it's just like let's set the record.
Let's make sure the most men ever can have sex
with this one woman and it's very like, you know,
she's on a vinyl ottoman and it's just like a warehouse
full of men and it couldn't be less sexual
if you made it just the weather.
But it's like then the top of the DVD case would say
like 150 or 200, you know, it's like an arms race.
Somebody was talking about one of those videos that they saw
and it's just men.
Who was this person?
I can't even remember.
I was your ex-girlfriend.
Sorry, sorry.
All I remember is the punchline.
Let's not get too distracted by all the particulars.
The punchline's not even that good.
The guy that we were talking about those videos
where there's just like these lines of guys
and then you can see a guy, like two friends
and yes, race is important to this story.
One of them was white and one of them was black
and they were like whispering to each other and giggling
and then they both got into the line and came up
and then the black guy went first and he finished
and then his white friend that you could see off camera
like out of focus like giggling with him
then ran up as his black friend went away
and announced in a kind of stilted like nervous
like this is what we agreed we'd do.
Voice said, you've had the chocolate.
Now here comes the milk.
And I was like, wait a minute, what?
And I was like, I have 500 questions.
Why is that the dichotomy?
Is his skin the chocolate?
Because his cum looks like milk and so does yours
and that should have made you realize that race
is an artificial construct while you were gang-banging.
This woman, how about class systems and fucking misogyny?
What are you trying to break down the wrong barriers here, man?
These guys were only 30 in line.
If they had been 200 or so, they would have had time
to kind of workshop that thing.
Something about the breakfast.
I'm going to say this, I'm going to say this.
No, no, we can push that up.
There's milk in both of you.
Work with that if you want to focus
on the color of his skin.
There's got to be some kind of right Oreo M&M.
I don't know what...
I'm not going to think about it because I'm not racist.
I care about this lovely young lady
who only committed the crime of staying up past curfew.
You know, her dad's wondering where she is.
Here comes the milk.
You've had the chocolate.
I mean, you should have just said white chocolate, I guess.
I don't know what he should have said.
He should have said...
He should have been at home thinking of ways to...
He should have said all government is a lie.
I mean, that's your...
This is your one chance to be heard.
Property is theft.
Silence is consent.
We've all been marginalized
in a military industrial complex to believe
that we're participating in a democratic system,
but revolution doesn't happen in a curtain booth.
If voting was powerful and illegal, ah!
He just gave you liberty.
Now I'm going to give you death.
No, that's weird. That's bad.
That's bad.
And silence is consent is complicated.
That one I just...
Yeah, that one was just in a drawer of aphorisms about...
How do they find...
I feel like Spencer might know this,
but you know fun facts like this.
I'll take it from here.
Spencer after dark.
What's the question?
In a gangbang video.
How do they get all those guys, do you think?
Why do you suppose Spencer knows?
Because Spencer knows how people message board each other.
You've been in the Tarzana area.
You've been approached by one of these vans
where you've seen eight dudes huddled up in the back
and there's the driver going, hey, you want to be in a porno?
Usually when there's eight dudes in a van,
they're selling vacuum cleaners.
Wait, what?
Those are just ladies.
Why does it take eight guys to sell a vacuum cleaner?
It's a very rigorous process.
That's your first mistake, Jeff.
It takes eight guys to sell eight vacuum cleaners.
I'm the Alec Baldwin of this vacuum cleaner company,
and there's David Manit play called, suck and profit,
always be suck and profit.
Suck and profit.
Has anyone ever seen a poster that's like,
gangbang this Thursday, please come and clean?
I think there's a lot of corn insiders, right?
It's a whole industry.
They probably have a lot of bunnies and stuff.
I think it is a whole industry.
But there's giant gangbangs.
Those guys aren't all professionals.
Those are the roommates and neighbors of the guys
that are professionals.
Have you guys ever gone to Sardos for a porn star karaoke
up in the valley?
Wow.
Half our audience.
Yeah, I went there once.
It was a long time ago, and I didn't know that's what it was.
I went to meet some friends.
I go, this is porn star karaoke.
What do you mean?
These are mostly porn stars,
and there was little leaflets,
little flyers on each table,
and it almost had
the drawing of two people fucking,
like a walk-don't-walk, like spec-stick people.
It didn't go that far,
but it said like, please,
I think it had like a clip art thing of people kissing
or maybe bent over and fucking.
But it said like, please do not
have sex in the neighbors' yards.
Okay?
Which was like,
we've had a lot of complaints.
Like, this is karaoke people.
Yeah, we know the phrase,
porn star karaoke could possibly mean,
hey, try fucking.
Give it a shot.
I think these porn stars, they just get together,
and they all just find a bush,
and they all just start doing it.
Wait, do they sing?
Oh yeah, they get up and they sing.
They turn around brown eyes and all kinds of shit.
That was all confusing.
Hey, Spencer and I were driving.
Spencer kind of drives me around a lot.
It's cool.
Because I found out
through the Uber Revolution,
that I really don't like driving.
And then after Uber got lame,
I just realized,
well, Spencer's on the payroll.
I could pay for his mileage,
and he could come pick me up for work.
Where am I going?
So I really just like being driven around.
It's fun.
So we were driving,
and there was this guy picking his nose
next to us.
Have we discussed this?
There was a guy picking his nose,
and by the way,
does everybody use their pinky?
I know this is going to freak people out
when I said that I wiped standing up,
but...
You still wiped standing up?
Yeah, I didn't change
because I found out that
everyone does this other thing for 40 years.
I'm fucking like...
If there's one thing...
I'll never get over that.
I know, I looked it up now,
and it was like 40% of the public
wiped standing up.
And we're human beings,
and we're among you.
According to the statistics...
When you wipe standing up,
do you sway back and forth ever?
Yeah, I imagine it's like...
I'm a little cloud baby
making my poop
just gotta get it out
of my cloud, cloud, doof poop.
So listen,
and you pick your nose with your pinky.
I pick my nose with my thumb.
I use every finger at my disposal.
I don't know how I would use a pinky.
To me, that would be like
trying to open my...
like use my foot
to put my car key in.
I don't know.
I use my thumb because then you have a shield.
Yeah.
I'm doing it right now.
That's what you've been doing every time you do that?
What's the shield in this equation?
In this equation,
the shield is my fingers.
Oh, so they block vision.
I got you.
You meant that your thumb had a shield on it.
And I was like,
a thumbnail? All fingers have that.
So I'm sorry.
So there was a guy picking his nose
in the car next to our car.
And I was like, yeah.
And he was clearly like
when you see somebody picking their nose
on the road
in the car next to you,
it's not like
it's either one or the other.
Either you see someone that's not willing to pick their nose
in a car next to you,
or you're seeing someone that is totally willing
and they don't care about shields.
You're seeing what they're doing
because they don't give a fuck.
And I've always been curious about that
and I'm sure so has Seinfeld.
But,
Hey, what's up
with your 100th episode?
So I say to Spencer,
a guy picking his nose is weird.
And then Spencer says,
I don't care.
Those are the people I would pick my nose in front of strangers
on the road.
And I said,
I would myself say it and then I realized
I'm really fucked up.
I would pick my nose in front of people I knew
way before I would pick my nose
in front of someone that I would never see again in my life.
Because their opinion
is what really matters.
And I was like, wow, I have like
syphilis of the soul.
I would tend to feel the same way that Spencer does,
but I wonder if maybe that
the way that you feel makes you a better person, Dan,
because you want to
respect the people that you know.
But I agree, I've done grosser things
around people that I don't know
than people that I do know.
But wait, I want to respect the people that I do know?
No, he's willing
to gross the people that I know.
And disrespect the people that you do know, I guess.
But you're less worried about the...
Well, wait.
I feel like each person is like a character
that's like...
I feel like I have 100 tries with Jeff
to be a decent person.
If a stranger,
that's why I'm always really freaked out
in public about
people like
in the next booth over.
You're a worse person.
Because I feel like those people...
Yeah, you really care about their opinion.
They're God or something. Those are God's eyes.
Because I'm never going to see them again.
Yeah, you'll yell at me if I'm being too loud
in public, or being too
womanly.
Or just like...
I was trying to make a joke
about you telling me what to do in public.
But you do care about the way that...
I don't know, it goes back and forth with you.
When you took your flight with Dino
a couple of days ago, you didn't care about
the people around you, but the other times...
I did, though. That was my worst nightmare.
But I was having a good time with Dino
on the flight out to New York, and I knew
at the outset. And I had a witness this time
because it was for the adult swim up front.
So that guy JJ that had
drilled in his teeth at the
up front, that he was sitting a couple
rows back, and he came up to me at the up front
and said, what the fuck did you do on that flight?
We were laughing, we were having a good time.
He's like, god damn, I was watching the whole thing.
I'm like, they're not doing anything. Jesus, Dan Harmon
can't not get into trouble.
People just don't like him.
What happened? Well, just this, you know,
flight attendant came and crouched down
in the midst of Dino, and I just like...
We were just being happy.
Remember our flight? Yeah, but we were
shit good. Well, we were...
We were in Vegas for 17 years,
and we like, should have left a long
time before. We
looked like trouble, I believe. She came and
squatted next to me and she said, you see,
you know, somebody asked
me to tell you guys, could you please keep the volume down?
You know,
I think that was the...
Someone's working. Just a minute.
I think maybe that information came later, because
I was just like, I just get devastated.
I'm going from the height
of my happiness to having a great
time. I'm laughing.
Were we the loudest people in
first class? Probably,
if you're going to bother to chart it.
But...
Everyone else had headphones on.
It was like, we were
also not being very loud, in my
opinion. I'm pretty self-conscious
about this stuff, because
my worst nightmare is what happened, which
always happens to me, which is this
woman squatting down next to me and saying,
could you guys pipe it down?
You know, like you're bumming.
Someone on this plane who will forever remain
nameless and faceless wishes you would
fucking die and go to hell.
And then just...
I can't go from
I'm having a good time,
I love my life, to
I'm having kind of a good time.
I'm going to go from that
to fucking I want to slash my wrist.
I hate it when people say that they're going to play devil's
advocate, but I'm going to play devil's advocate.
You just said that this happens to you
all the time.
Are you maybe the common denominator
in this? This happens to you all the time.
Do you think that just the world is against you?
Wait, do you
tell me, you've been with me for three years,
do you perceive me as a loud
person in public? No, I don't.
If I told you that I get
chastised a lot
in public, and I get
stared at a lot in public, and
if I told you how many
times per year someone
in a restaurant stops
what they're doing and leans over their booth
and says, excuse me, I'm listening
to what you're saying.
I myself
am in an improv troupe.
It's a good
it was a helpful workshop for me
and I don't think it's fair to say.
The thing you said that really...
How often does that happen to you per year?
If I told you six times per year for me
would you go like, okay something's weird
or would you just... I mean, my...
What did I ever do?
I was telling you
it just happens to me all the time and I'm telling you...
Do you guys remember when we were in Scotland
when we were talking about this, we went to the
my girlfriend's from a small town called South Queens Ferry
and went to this little museum
on the high street, this small street
and we had gone to a pub.
We'd woken up and said, we're going to go to a pub crawl, there's seven bars
along the street and we're going to start
at one end and we're going to do all the pubs
and we did them all and it was great fun
and there's this cute little quaint street
that's unchanged for hundreds of years
very quiet and quaint and cutesy
and it's like pub, antique shop
pub, antique shop, restaurant pub
and there's a little museum
tiny little two-story affair, we go up there
and there's a little old lady who looks like a librarian
in Ghostbusters and she's on a typewriter
and she's just like quiet and not talking
and Dan goes, I got to go pee
so he's like, as far as I know
you go out to look for a restroom
and then you've gone for like 15, 20 minutes
and we're like, I don't know
and then we found out that there was no restroom
in the museum so Dan had gone elsewhere
so Erin says, I'm going to go look for him
so Kate and I are upstairs
with the little cute old lady on a typewriter
which is amazing
and it's graveyard silence
midday along South Queen's Ferry High Street
and then I just hear
Dan!
What are you doing?
I lost my wallet!
Get over here!
Get back here!
I lost my wallet! What are you doing?
You couldn't have been far enough away
that you couldn't have walked and had that conversation
and the little old lady just
did he just say he lost his wallet?
I said, we all heard it
and it says that the whole city
heard this conversation
I couldn't
I was standing outside
a bar that I had attained
special permission to walk out of
because there was no cell phone coverage
I hadn't paid for my drink
because Erin had my wallet
I had bought a drink
And I always do
A big part of the story is that
on the street no cell phone coverage
I had bought a drink because I felt
like a homeless person using their bathroom
I didn't know if things were like
if that was a trans-cultural thing
but I felt very
awkward walking in
and using a place's bathroom and then walking out
so I went to the bar, ordered a pint
used their bathroom, came back
couldn't pay for the pint
my phone has
I can't text Erin, the phone has no coverage
and then I explained
the whole thing to this poor woman
who did not buy a ticket
to that ride
but now everyone's
like eyeing me because it's like American Werewolf
in London, I'm just like
this guy that's got this fucking
story and I'm like I'm just gonna step outside
I just got cell phone coverage
I know I can't pay for the drink now
and it's like I just seem like a very suspicious character
at this point
and I see you walking out of the pub and I'm just waving at you
so I'm tethered to this place
by virtue of financial accountability
I have told
I have made a big deal out of
if I make a break for it grab the pitchforks
so I'm like staying
so I'm just like and there's Erin
and she just keeps
she's tethered by
outrage, the burry man
to a museum
and she's just screaming at me and I'm screaming at her
and that's what you heard
so the next day
so dad comes back, we find out
he had to go back to all the bars we went to that day to find his wallet
I never lost my wallet
I thought you did lose your wallet
he had given me his wallet
I was holding onto his wallet, he went to the pub
he came outside, I didn't know where I went
we were about to just hear a weird
what was the story gonna be
and then we met a man with a red hat
I thought you actually lost your wallet
you actually had to go look for your wallet after that
but you had it in your purse
yeah he had given me his wallet
for some reason
and then the yeah
so there was this moment when Dan and I
are a hundred yards away from each other
and I'm in the most angry way
possible
waving and yelling because I really wanted him to see
my reason was
dumber than his because I was like
you have to see this exhibit
I really wanted
him to see the burry man
and so I was screaming the burry man is here
which must have been even weirder for the museum lady
because she was like no one has ever been this excited
about that
no one's ever been in that museum before
but Dan was
well someone was in there and took a piss
and had some cats with him
Dan was fuming on the other side
based on the smell
it does smell like a cat pee in there
I think the difference is that
you nobly so this is something I admire about you
Dan
is that like you have a lower tolerance for people
like strangers trying to
like get their own
fun out by telling people to stop
doing stuff and I'm more
willing to be like oh I'm so sorry I'm so sorry
I fucked up but you stand up for yourself
and for the people you're with
well I couldn't decode that
I'm terrified of strangers
in general so I get more
mad at them when they fuck with
other strangers
I tend
to do what they say over my own best
friends like I'll just go like fuck it
it's not worth it this total
stranger is being high maintenance
let them have their high maintenance moment
don't let this moment be about us
in a bumper car ramming into them
don't give them that story
let them be this ignorant
blustery person that's just
speeding through our lives
path of least resistance, Taoism
let them through
and so sometimes that ends up with me
like actually
like being more respectful
to total strangers
than to the people
closest to me
what you just
spent the last eight seconds of me
talking making these weird plastic
man faces like your
turbo teen you're gonna turn into a car
what were you going to say?
I don't know I guess I disagree
you disagree
with what I was just saying?
I do, yeah
you disagree that I have respect for
no I think you're a respect for other people
but I haven't seen this behavior that you're talking about
this like that
you're talking about when I get mad at like bouncers
bartenders, waiters
people
old guardians, parasites
people who are
those people don't count
I understand what you're saying
you're thinking of specific stuff
these people are a blight
people who have put themselves
in a station where they have decided
to lord over one little section of earth
and make everyone else miserable
yeah I don't like those people
tried to keep my dad poor
I think it's fair to make them feel bad
about themselves
flight attendants
waiters, DMV clerks
cops, pedestrian
lawyers, on our flight you and I were pretty
incensed by the fact because we thought we were having just a good old time
we weren't like barfing and
stumbling down the aisles we got in our seats on a southwest flight
from Vegas back to LA
and yeah we were drunk
I didn't think that we were causing any trouble
we were giggling like mad
but it's a flight back from Vegas
I've done that flight a million times
I've been a little bit drunk and everyone's giggling
and the flight attendant came up to us
or was it the fucking pilot
somebody
somebody with some fucking epilotes came over
you guys good?
it was the flight attendant first
flight attendant came over first
I think we told the story already
the flight attendant came over first and said
would you guys like something to drink
asked us that and then I said
oh do you have a kettle one
vodka
and then you ordered something and she's like
have you guys already been drinking though
a little bit
let us down this canal
it was so fucking rude we had to
adjust the citrus
in our mind
she conjured images of cocktails
in our thought balloons
we were Mario and Luigi trying to grab a
magic hamburger
and then poof made it go away
you're drunk
fuck off
can I get you a soda or anything
I was like no I was like kind of chasing
and just felt bad
and then she walked away
five minutes later some dude comes up
I think it was just another flight attendant
but she was like in the front of the plane
maybe going like
now her sensitivity is an issue
she feels like chasing
so he came back and said
but we made a joke when she walked away
it wasn't like oh we have a bomb on the plane
we didn't do that
we kind of went like oh
we did crack wise
as she was walking away
I think we gathered up with little shards of our integrity
fucking like cradled them in our
little pathetic palms
in a post 9-11 world where these bureaucrats
are newly empowered
it was a fucking worst man we didn't do anything wrong
and I never do anything wrong
and anyone that says I do
is an enemy of
the people
and the people don't include anyone in the
service industry
alright anyways
it'll be in my blog
okay I don't know
I don't have any rules
strangers opinions are important to me
I don't know why
that's the weird thing
the isolating weird thing the scientific experiment
of the car next to you
is a unique one because as Spencer pointed out
you're literally never going
to see those people ever again
and there are some people who are liberated
by that enough that they'll just
jam their pinky up their nose
while they idly stare by there are some people
who are just like fuck with you
look over at you and make weird faces
they're kind of like hey it's like an aquarium
like who would have
and I struggled through the logic of it
well we're on Los Feliz Boulevard
and these people take the same route and I was like
no I don't really think I'm ever going to see these people again
their opinion is valuable to me precisely because
I am never going to see them again
strangers that's why I sit on twitter
and people go like I love you
thank you thank you so much
six seasons and I was thinking about it
and then the one person goes like you douche
and I go alright stop it everybody stop
what's your name
Samantha
Samantha what the fuck
what makes me a douche
I wanna know what makes me a douche
you tell me you tell everybody
step right up everybody
the douche detector is here
please
for your enjoyment
planet earth I present to you
Samantha the douche expert
what was your first inclination
that I was a douche
I just
was bored
you were bored
and then everyone else was always like
how come you never just say thanks
when I say I love you
is it because you hate me for loving you
no I just like
what is that
there's a dead pixel on my screen
I gotta fix it
every person you contact
is like you're running your fingers
your life is running your fingers over
this harp
the billion strings
what if you found out that someone who is nice to you on twitter was a server
bartender
I was being glib about that
are you saying Dan that you feel more defined
by the opinions of anonymous people
strangers than the people that you're close to
friends, family
yeah because it's like the backscatter machine
are you trusting
the waves that are being
objective and moving through your body
and probably giving you cancer
when we x-ray ourselves
when we take measurements of ourselves
we trust the strangers
among the particles and things
we don't trust the things that are stuck to us
we don't define our
when we measure things we seek objectivity
so friends
opinions of you can't be valid
because they're too subjective
well yeah they've entered into a relationship with you
they have a covalent bond now
their electrons are sharing
orbits and things
in your ideal world your family would be
every stranger that you met
but then the second that you had a conversation with them
they would drop away
they would just fall away
well I hope not
cause I mean you're not close to your family
yeah but they, I mean you gotta ask them about that
they waited on me once
and
they brought me
a lot of wrong water
wrong water
it was ice
yeah it was solid
what's up with that
I don't know
your reactions
to what I'm telling you guys
in a confessional state
almost sounds
subjective
well no
persecutorial
like you guys are not only
just seeking information
you're actually trying to get me to feel something about this
I think we're trying to get to the bottom of it
I do think that you
perceive any kind of probe
and question as persecution sometimes
I feel like you feel accusation when there isn't one sometimes
I've definitely
yeah I'm definitely airing on the side
of people wanting me to change
when I'm talking to them
well I mean
we love you
it's all nice
we just talk a man
we just chat
I mean it is funny
like
you look so bummed out right now
I mean the speech that you made about
strangers and stuff
it's confusing to me I don't want you to feel bad
or change or whatever
but your perception of the way that you interact
with the world is
great
it's great
it's certainly very different than me
because I don't give a fuck about strangers
I don't care about anybody that thinks about me
not completely
but like
someone I don't know
I definitely would chart my course
by people that I'm close to
I really don't give much of a fuck
about
the
I mean
I don't know
one of the things I really appreciate about you
is I feel like you're less stressed out
about
getting the approval of strangers
in small moments like that
I don't know
we're all saying
the opposite thing in every other sentence
and between the three of us
is virtually identical
and I feel like if I just said what you guys say
instead of what I say
that you wouldn't be able to
it's not that different
I'm not trying to bring you down
but with bartenders
I've been a server and I've been a thing
so I have a certain sensitivity
to people who are waiting on me
and
not that you're insensitive
because you're not
you're very very kind
you're a wonderful person
but we have a different
idea of what it is to be
mean to a server
or a bartender or a flight attendant
or whatever
I feel like you're quicker to dislike
one of those people than I am
and maybe I'm more prejudiced than you are
maybe you're doing the right thing
I'm quicker to dislike
but you're more prejudiced
I'm more biased
this is a little boring
I'm more sensitive if it was about nothing
and also
twice as long as 60 minutes
I apologize, I just don't want you to think about it
I think it was about something
we kind of fell off of it
talk about gender
to the extent that it has
the possibility of getting specific
it feels like we're getting caught up
in these general semantics
I'm more concerned
with strangers' opinions
than I am with the people closest to me
it's a very intimate, interesting
thing to delve into
that's not true at all
what do you mean that's not true?
now we're just back out into static
now we're talking about nothing
sorry
sorry, I had a reaction to it
but your reaction to it
was
disbelief, you thought I was lying
do you really want to talk about this more?
I thought you want to move on
talk about it later
yes, it's disbelief
I have a different perception
but it's silly
sorry, I'm very sorry
I always feel like the things I say
I can count on one hand
the times that I'm thinking one thing
deceiving people
talk about what you said this morning at breakfast
when you said I like my race more than the other races
let's go from there
that's just because
we were eating cornflakes and it was a metaphor
it's crying in the corner
yeah, well, he's free to jump in
what?
what do you want, Spencer?
well
I just, I really gotta go about that
wow, 100 episodes
I was gonna go
but then I was like, don't want to miss
my big moment
I'm not trying to be
I'm not trying to be difficult
I just really have to be
should we play a little D&D?
can I get Adam Goldberg
to read
to read the D&D thing
while I go to the bar?
I'm sorry, I didn't hear you, Spencer
I didn't hear you say you had to pee
that's what I want to have happen
go pee, Spencer
can I get Adam to read the D&D?
Spencer, go pee
if we had a wireless microphone
we could play P&P
right there out of paper towels
that would be great
Spencer could go in and describe his peeing
emptying your bladder into the poor
this is gonna be great
Spencer just handed over
his D&D
Game Master monologue to Adam Goldberg
who has appointed himself
Seattle 2104
it's a goof, it's a gag
should we get the music in?
wow
Adam
Adam, serious question
not joking
will you hear this audience
kind of bristle and boo
when you kind of lay an egg
like a planned word that doesn't quite work
or simply coming up on stage
hang on
kind of coming up on stage unheralded
like when you hear that audience reaction
like Adam was saying
that he is more affected by strangers
than by people
I'm the opposite of that
I think you and I are opposites in many ways as well
no, no, no
I'm not trying to be cute
if I walked up on stage
17,000 times
or even 3 or 2
or maybe even 1 and I heard that reaction
I would leave the country
there needs to be a bad guy
and being a bad guy because I like my life
I'm happy with who I am
and it's easy to have someone
I'm going to get cheered ironically
but I'm saying if it's got to be someone
I'd rather be me than Aaron who spends a lot of time
on stage or damn
who shows about
I'd rather be like oh it's this guy
boo this guy
but you don't mind the boo's
I know that they're not going to
probably jump me shouldn't have said that sentence
but you're not
you're not hurt or negatively affected
it is what it is it used to bother me
but ideally you'd probably rather people be
specials back
now audience
what I just did was called
stalling for time
because I'm a god damn showman
I worship you people let's do this fucking thing
he didn't read it huh
no I fuck
I kept them talking like a hostage
a hostage negotiator
when we last met
our heroes had broken into
Bill Mardigan's cigarette museum
hoping to steal up some cigarettes
but no sooner had they gotten
inside than they encountered
Bill Mardigan the patron god of the city
a massive head of cigarettes
after some smooth talking
Sharpie Buttsalot managed to convince
Bill Mardigan to share a sacred smoke
which healed our party and cured
their curses
while Lorraine had to convince Bill Mardigan
Bill Mardigan to help them
find the tarragon of virtue
but the police arrived
forcing our heroes to escape through
Whizbulb's magic bucket
into a gnomish bathroom
Sharpie had to poop and did so with great gusto
while Lorraine watched on
Quark left the room like a normal person
and came upon a gnome
a gnome named Flizdan who was alarmed
by the sudden trio shitting in his house
after a lengthy and flimsy explanation
the gnome was calmed down
and revealed himself to be a member
of a secret order of gnomes
obsessed with discovering the floating isle
of paradise
I'm so out of breath
Jesus Christ ain't exercising
you just peed, you're dehydrated
and ran, I'm not dehydrated
but would Flizdan truly be able to aid the party
you're dehydrated, Spence
hopefully we'll find out this time
on Harmontown
I think it's extra hot
I think it's a hot summer
L.A. night
I'm just fat and gross
because I keep thinking like
I'm gonna wear a hoodie all the time
because there's a sweat rag on the back of my
I keep using my hood
to wipe the back of my gross neck
if you didn't wear a hoodie
you wouldn't be sweating that much
it's a weird irony
I don't think it's irony, it's called mathematics
it's not irony, yeah
it's the opposite of irony
total perfect congruence
with expectation
I'm wearing a big
hot sweater
with a sweat flap on the back
that I used to wipe my sweater
sweat
I used my ponytail for that
do you really?
and to SWAT it flies
is the ponytail absorbent enough
to take sweat off of your neck?
I don't know, it probably has the same
hoodie effect that you were discussing earlier
which I would have brought up
if you didn't bring it up, Jeff
if you didn't have long, luscious, flowing
gorgeous romance
novel cover hair, Spence
what kind of haircut would you fancy?
I don't know, that's the reason why I have it
because I don't know what it would look like
short
Anne Winthrop, Bob
do you remember any of those things I said earlier?
yes
are we in Flizdem's apartment
or house right now?
Flizdem, you work for a secret society
of gnomes that want to find the Isle of Paradise?
yes, that's a good summation
thank you
I hate to be so expository
my friend, we just took a shit in your house
and we have a lot of fighting to do
it has to be done
we need to get there because we seek to tarragon of virtue
we're told that exists on the Isle of Paradise
yeah, you know
I hear that's true
is it a sidebar with my adventurers
and I will clean this up
this is a little handle
oh, it does?
yeah
I'll be damned
this is Bill Martigan's son
you're a crafty bastard
you've invented indoor plumbing
guys, I use the flush
to mask the sound of my voice
wasn't the point of the tarragon of virtue
to remove the curses?
yeah
from Christopher
didn't we get that removed now?
did we?
Christopher is still on
we're good, but Christopher
our soul bound
smoky chain curses
sorry about the sidebar
I made a match
I walked back out
and said
take us there
I can take you to our secret hideout
ooh
is it on the Isle of Paradise?
no
is it just your friend's restaurant and you get kickbacks?
yeah
what's at the secret hideout?
that's where we hang out and gather
and talk about our exploits
let's go to the secret hideout
if you really think we'll be welcome
oh yeah
you're with me
Flizdamn
you're a lot cheerier
than you were a few minutes ago
I shook it off
Flizdamn, what's your rank?
do you have a certain kind of standing in your society?
I'd say, I mean society
like, you're no...
I'm an acolyte
yeah, it's an important...
that's good, that's good
we should go, okay, let's do it
later, that's the secret hideout
you arrive at a building called
the Burning Sycamore
it looks like a tree
it doesn't look like a flaming tree though
it just looks like a tree
but it is flaming?
no, it's called that though
it's confusing
so Flizdamn, he knocks on the door
and he goes, it is I, Flizdamn
who seeks
a smoking zone
alright
and then he gives a series of complicated knocks
on the door and it slides open
and...
just like that
that didn't seem that complicated
it's kind of identical to a dead bird
just draped from...
and you see stairs going up
style
finally
I guess
so, let's go!
your shirt's cool that we're here
oh, yeah
right
the secret part makes us feel like
intruders
that's a good point actually
remember when we were in that fish for so long
yeah, the Infinifish
yeah, that was ridiculous
what?
I thought it would take like
maybe a couple
episodes
Flizdamn, how do you know about the Infinifish?
what are you talking about?
metaflism
so, he goes up
he goes up the stairs
he goes up them
I follow him
he leads you up these stairs
it's pretty shitty
it looks like a tree house
there's posters on the wall
there's props that are crudely drawn
and you just see a bunch of old gnomes
it just looks kind of like a gnome bowling club
or something
they're hanging out on these lounge chairs
that are all old and messed up
and they're just talking
and some of them are holding these weird flutes of liquid
it's probably a beverage
but um
as Flizdamn gets in
he introduces himself
he says, I am here!
Flizdamn, I am
he looks at him
and one of the guys speaks up
hey, who are these guys?
and he looks at you
I think we just realized we were taking Flizdamn's word
for it that he's totally cool here
we are friends of
Flizdamn
and gnomes in general
we're adventurers and we're seeking help
and passage to the Isle of Paradise
well, you've come to the right place
may I have a flute of liquid?
sure!
Flizdamn, he brings you one
he's like, you should tell him your names!
I'm Quark Pfft
I am Mulray and Sedotta
I am Sharpie
Buttsalot
of the clan Buttsalot
seeker of knowledge
really?
wielder of belts
mother of dragons
breaker of chains
seer of supplicants
misser of tonight's episode
hater of spoilers
DVR of
of it
watcher of it later
recorder of it on Sunday
nothing can be doneer about her
everyone looks at you
in silent judgment
Flizdamn, he speaks up
this is Grax
Thorax
Limpa
Lim Tong
Lim Snog
and our leader Charles Hoffman
Charles Hoffman
we are but weary travelers and adventurers
long ago we seek a cure
for our stricken friend
who is a curse that laid upon him
that only the tarragon of virtue
a lay and a swage
and a seeking passage
are we to the Isle of Paradise
then you and I are of two minds
if I understood most of that
which I think I do
because we're gnomes, you and I
oh yeah
can I borrow a cigarette?
you're a gnome I bet you love jokes as much as I do
you know, you'd think that
but we here at the Seekers of Paradise
seek a very particular kind of paradise
that our people call the
Smoking Zone
you see, we believe that
smoking poisons our culture and our bodies
and we hope to seek
a paradise free from the evils
of smoke
it's unhealthy
okay, I don't need a cigarette, I'm good
that's very good to hear
alright, you know
but you said that we're of two minds
are you also gonna
you know
not sure what I said back there
Charles Hoffman was saying that
yeah
about that tarragon
yeah, you know
I'm sure it grows up there
everyone says that, right?
how do we get there Charles Hoffman?
you seem like a guy that knows
because everyone else has given us the real dick around
yeah man, we've been searching it
you see, it goes around in the sky
all over the place, it's hard to chart its position
but we've uncovered a relic
that we think could lead
us to paradise
what is that?
we don't understand it, it's a stone
tablet with strange markings
and we just can't decipher it
Charby, you eat
strange markings don't you?
absolutely
semester at sea
can you show us this tablet?
you never know with us tall folk
up here
higher than you guys, we get exposed to different languages
that's what I was hoping
would happen
because you see, I have this stone
this stone tablet here
and I will present it to you
if you could solve
the riddle therein
it looks like a simon from the 80s
I don't know, what are you talking about?
what are the 80s?
I think the listener
needs to know that
Spencer is holding up his iPad
on it
it's great for the 100th episode of a podcast
it's a...
can you solve it?
I reach over and I touch the red
part of the simon looking thing
the tablet cracks
into 100 pieces
I thought it was a simon
and in its space
you see a magical rippling portal
that threatens
it doesn't even threaten, it begins consuming
everything in the room
it just looks like a game
if only we had been here when the game started
you just hit a random one
25% chance
so you feel yourself
being compelled into this portal
to who knows where
it's terrifying
it hurts in fact
you feel pain
we wait to see what happens next
can I
throw my rope
around
gross
I throw my rope around
a sconce
and
tie the rope
I have the rope around my waist
and I throw it to
Sharpie
and Quirk
so as to anchor ourselves
you throw the rope
and one of you has to catch it
which one of you wants to catch it I guess
can we both?
you can both try I guess
but you don't throw a rope at two people that's weird
well yeah I do
because I loop two loops that's called a Mickey Mouse throw
throw
okay
that doesn't work
fair enough
wasn't there a sconce?
that worked
and Erin is holding on to this rope
but the rest of you guys
it's been me the whole time
take some damage as you guys
feel yourself pulling into this portal
Quirk you take two
Quirk you take eight damage
Jesus Christ I didn't know the goal was to get out of the portal
it seemed very transitional
well it was very suctiony
and damaging
am I still getting sucked?
you get sucked through the portal
as Mulraine watches on
tied to a sconce
hundred episodes
no one bought that
I wasn't trying to end the show
that was too thin
I just wanted to lace
we're building to
what I can only call a great
100 episode ending
alright so you guys get sucked
through this portal then right?
alright this sounds up so high
on this thing
there's ads from the Simon game
it was a Simon game
I just hit the wrong god damn thing
well you should have pressed start
yeah
you don't start with a color
that's crazy
if the game was already on
no the whole game is to
Simon whatever is happening
nothing had happened yet you had to press start
well look
the dies cast motherfuckers
flying through the portal
like one would fly through the portal
like Mario and Luigi
searching for a magic hamburger
yeah
thank you so much
for calling that up
I wanted to say
why are you only searching
for a magic hamburger
that would be so ridiculous
in the mario luigi universe
I just want that to be a level
alright so
we're fast being sucked into the hideous portal
yeah and you're sucked through
and now you find yourselves in a magical
you see colors brighter
than any colors you've seen before
and colorful flowers
and happy little trees and bushes
dot the pasture
looks like a comfortable place
other than standing in the middle
imposingly
is a 12 foot tall angel
with dazzling wings and bronze skin
he holds a flaming shovel
and stands guarding your path
wait and I'm still tied to a light
it just happened through the portal
but you're like yeah
oh and the gnomes
are getting sucked through too
some of them are dying
oh Jesus Christ
so I was just supposed to
if I hit start instead of the red button
I would have saved a lot of my kids
you guys feel gnome giblets on your back
oh Jesus Christ
god damn it
I feel
really bad about that
well I mean
they handed it to you
I know I love games
they had never touched it ever
they just handed it to us
it was the first color
here's what I think they did
I think they fucking I think they false started you
I think they hit a couple buttons
yeah because if the game hadn't started
and I just hit red it wouldn't do anything
the game was already going
I don't want to
in order for you hitting
a button to make the game be over
I agree
that means the game had started
it's a set up that's what you're saying
it was not your fault
hey 12 foot angel shovel man
what's your name?
sup dudes
yo my name's Yomiji
oh no
Yomiji
what's for sale
over in your part of the woods
nothing for sale man
I just guard the herb
you don't speak of the tarragon
of virtue by any chance
we probably got that
could we just have a slice of that action?
nah man
I don't know how worthy you fools are
you haven't had a game of simon on you do you?
no
what's that? that's a long story
sounds fun
you're fools
sharpie sharpie
he was just making conversation
don't fucking he might be a friend
weird way to start a conversation
we're not going to do this
Yomiji
we are friends we come here in peace
we would love
what's your price for some access
into the garden
hey man you want to get access to the garden
that's cool
you could sample whatever you want
just tell me
you're worthy
tell me you're worthy
with the best joke in the universe
8 year old kids walking down the street
and he finds a welder's mask
and he puts the welder's mask on
he's playing with it he's flipping it up and down
the car pulls up older gentlemen in the car
the guy rolls down the window and says
the kid flips up the welder's mask
and looks at the guy and says
do you want to ride?
the guy is driving down the road
and the kid is playing with the welder's mask
flipping it up and down
and the guy says hey kid do you know what
sodomy is?
and the kid flips the welder's mask up
and looks at the guy and says no I don't
and the guy is driving along
and he says hey kid do you know what
what
what glacio is
do you know what a pedophile is
and the kid flips the mask up and says
look mister I gotta be honest with you
I'm not really a welder
Yomiji
he starts laughing
he drops his shovel
and he's rolling on the floor laughing
he's like that's a good joke man
that is
that's great
how do you write that backwards
all right so there's this duck with hains
disappearing
Sharpie nooooooooo
thank you everybody that's Harmontown
a 100 episode
Extravaganza
let's take Adam Goldberg one more
Samly and MC
what an incredible hundredth episode
did MC win anything?
Can we give MC something of some sort?
We'll think of something for you, MC.
Spencer Crittenden, Erin McGathy, I'm Jeff Davis.
Thank you once again to everybody here at Meltdown Comics.
One more time for the mayor, Dan Harmon.
Thanks for coming.
We're gonna have to applaud again. I was just singing a song.